# Programming for Design One Page Website

For this assignment we were tasked with building a one page website based around a chosen topic. We had to write the site from scratch using HTML, CSS while also implementing JS into the site’s design. My chosen topic was focused around the Is it true COVID-19 website, which is a site that aims to answer some frequently asked questions about the COVID-19 vaccine. My goal for this project was to recreate this site in a more engaging and interesting manner, that challenged the user’s thinking while also informing and providing accurate information. My solution was a simple one page site that aimed to provide quick, simple yet effective information via a true or false quiz. The idea was that this site would be disseminated via QR codes and viewed on a mobile or other portable device.

Overall I am fine with how my final site turned out. I knew from the start I wanted a simple layout, with not too much information laid right out in front of the user. The quiz script was the most tedious part of the project, even though it is fairly straightforward. I went through a few iterations on various test sites, but after watching a few tutorials on the logic of a JS quiz, I was able to put together a simple yet functional quiz app. One of the biggest issues I had with this project was time. I obviously ran out of time on this project and therefore was not able to fulfill everything that I had planned, especially in the overall design of the website. Although the site as a whole is functional, there is still more that I know I could have done to greatly improve it.